Hi, nice people
I made the organization to what clothes.
I 'm going to skip a video for you guys.
showing me how my sink was.
bathroom because I do not have it yet
true there and then I brought everything from
home to part of the wardrobe that
teaches me why I was not getting
more understand with the mess and look that the
people interested in coming because it 's sweet
spoke well in the past we understood each other
Well, look at this picture, people.
seeing only agony was not finding
nothing was all like this a thing up
on the other everything crazy then nothing decides
take shame in the face and start
organization so seriously that sometimes
is organizing more plays all for one
side to side not this time I went
with my heart and soul, and I started by
everything so everything from the sink to do
the cleaning
so when I'm going to record the video is going
Accumulating a lot, it 's coming.
a lot and that's when we see you
like that, right?
so I took everything and put it in the box
by placing them in the drawers and then
the drawers
It was a complete
punk organization watching it had mans 2000
calories and then I went cleaning up washing
It's all rotting, folks, a crazy thing.
but then it is tiring such
then it's worth it because you find
everything makes your life easier at least
My daughter in law was recording our time.
much looking for things then this
rubbish, people are not coconut, it 's a
bathroom mirror so it stays in the sink
with a swab know makeup remover
milkweed is then well as squeaky clean
so I just passed a needle to be
a cloth one piece of paper and then I took
a soap book I won from
my beautiful readers and I let go
to decorate I washed in the tub in which I
I also got well dressed people.
I made a point of putting no
This scene for me I even forgot how
was in the worst
Look, look, look, Sergio looks at the difference.
for God's sake do not even want to see more
new this way
and then I took everything out of the drawers you think
that ended is not over
much much much much much of
mouthpiece palette shadow powder blush base
everything in a drawer only I was
agonizing making me nervous
Then I have already opened up a wardrobe that
it was empty
I cleaned everything and put everything into
partitions until my joke was to stay
Okay, I'll organize it like this.
then I did not put all the
Make-up, we went there only to
made easy with the things I'm doing
using more at the moment has another house
things that come in new things and
this part where you see
Now I've straightened the hair products
some of the hair products
I put a box on the lid and
then put it inside another box
big to let you do everything with your hair
on the one hand we know that much then
I'll leave everything in a drawer.
shampoo based I'm going to be crazy but I
I have the peace dividers so these
things where I bought a supermarket
and I was putting the products divided
for example, I placed base on
some prime skin products
Then I put everything on.
inside this box to facilitate the
Come, I want to spend base and time.
But I know less or less what you have there.
Pull home and go to the
next to us I put a lot of
compact thing
I put lencina makila put on top
to take the oils then you know well
these two houses have become things to skin
that I have a lot of skin
In the other one I also put sunscreen
I do not know if I told you that.
moisturizer to the eye area is
take advantage of and put the collectives together
removed the various liquid criminal and
in these other two I separated into products
for the lips that's all I put button
I put it killing all kinds of creamy
Logically paid mathew that the way I
but I like to organize by koné then
It's still not the way I want it anymore.
I want to show you the before and after when
My room and recording is ready and
painted you will see how the
drawers will be well organized but
while it does not happen and we're not going
for reality
so we put lipsticks that are more
using so on the top and other
I did not test it too, I leave it on
but also a seat and also a shield
those penises and in the other I am
putting on masks
children I will not put too convex I will
put it put it's there eyes
even eyeliner a lot there
Life, I just won.
several 10 in the meeting always the church
I always paid when I go on av God.
I got this and it was also a meeting
in joão pessoa and I put blush
bronze products that I like very much
to use the illuminator also in this smaller
I is the person forgets and will put in
better locking and side products
and lip balm so I put it on
can put can put in tubes
That's why I love it, it's been before
button side of the button
So, you know, the button is gone .
and stayed like this and I hope that
You liked it and look, I'll talk.
for you are not facilitating easier
my life because I'm seeing
everything well knows
despite having boxes and more boxes like this
of products I have not tested
greatly improved the top organization
are wearing had chair do not cry
to do something on that day I was going to leave
and I took it I've already been seeing how
it's practical did not choose first base I
I'm going in what's needed now is time.
To go to the collective's house and I'm going
taking such wants to use such a liquid
creamy pasty I always get one
liquid and a creamy and as a moisturizer
sun beach is in the collective box
have easy and then I picked up a bronze and
basic mascara and eyelash curler right
that can not miss button outlined
colorful addict and eye pencil too
I'm always using more colorful and
so a more intense blue I think it's beautiful and
button also a light and dark there
I'm going to the bush and open or 61 linda
blush the palette people negotiate for you
but it has palettes here on the side
then the girl to you my collection of
palette if you want of course if you
liking videos thus showing more
which are voting compact blush
leader I always do this
I love it and it lacked that it hydrates flaviana
person is trying to close more alone
treating lips
I took what I can not remember but take it
this is potent time gone the target baths
It's wonderful and it closed the game.
eita tests have enjoyed this
video if you liked do not leave a
young man here to me that you know that
got excited excited happy merry only
the fact is that even if you wanted to
there already know that in a place to leave sad
but also will do the action in the good deed
of the day
so since I was young here for me a kiss
on the tv network in the next world
It's very good that while I 'm going to eat and
Wonderful circuses do not forget
subscribe to the youtube.com base
female if you do not follow me on
social networks I'm going to start talking
now I will not talk
facebook.com female view bar and not
It's a thousand and one thousand
thousand and 20 in which cabral
It's good a kiss, we google + also
I'll leave the links all down here.
kiss kiss kiss and go even as I
I deserve it deserves it